Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
All right. all right.
ladies and gentlemen.
we just got confirmation
that the target is inbound.
When I have you in position. I'll move in.
remove the asset from the briefcase.
just like I drew it up.
That means I need you all
to actually be in your spots.
What's the holdup. team?
You waiting for an invitation?
-Don't look at us.
-Let's go.
- We're in. moving.
- Proceed to target.
Getting into position.
Maybe next time.
skip the scenic route.
Burns. Santos.
You know last in position
buys everybody dinner. right?
One minute out. Cap.
All right. all right.
That's what I want to hear.
Give me a minute.
let me check in with the farm.
Agent Tappen.
do I have confirmation we're a go?
You confident in this intel?
Uh. the intel is good.
the plan is even better.
Oh yeah? What makes you say that?
The fact that I drew it up myself.
All right. you're a go. Creasy.
We'll see you on the other side.
Hoorah.
Team. we just got a green light.
Now final checks on comms and camera taps.
- P1. check.
- Lima. Charlie.
Staged and holding.
Team 2.
-5 by 5.
-In position and ready.
All right. P3.
P3. Ant. Do you copy?
Creasy. I think I have a problem.
There's a fucking bird in here.
See if you see it on the monitors.
- A what?
- See anything?
No. no bird.
but I got a real close-up of an asshole.
That's enough fucking around.
Target is ten minutes out.
Everybody get ready.
- P1. What the fuck is that?
- Creasy. we've got company.
Santos.
Need backup. ASAP.
Need help right now.
Burns!
Santos.
All positions. report.
Creasy.
-Creasy…
-Hey! Hey!
…tell my wife I love her--
Normally.
you salute a superior officer.
But given your condition.
I'm gonna let it slide.
Regina's always telling me
that I worry about you too much.
I'd like to thank you
for making her feel like an asshole.
You wanna tell me what you thought
was on the other side of that pillar?
Look. why don't you come back with me?
I'm new on this job. it's not very heavy.
We could use you on the team.
We get you back on your feet.
we can talk about all this shit later.
Yeah. I'm pretty much
a solo act at this point.
Yeah. how's that working out for you?
Good morning
and welcome aboard.
Quick update from the flight deck.
We've now reached our cruising altitude
of 30.000 feet.
We're looking at an estimated flight time
of 9 hours and 30 minutes
to Rio de Janeiro.
Probably should've asked where home was
before I said yes.
Well. you know what they say.
Home is always where the coup is.
Wha-- Whoa. whoa.
What the fuck are you doing?
I'm trying to get some sleep.
Yeah. no. okay.
Uh. you need to read a magazine
or watch a movie or something.
Anything that doesn't make it look
like I'm taking you hostage.
Well. I guess I always thought
Brazil was a little rougher than this.
Oh. it is.
Just not in neighborhoods like Leblon.
It's mine!
Hey. hey! Daddy's home!
No!
Hello!
-It's mine!
-Whoa!
- Hi.
- Welcome home.
- Thank you.
John.
Hey. come here. Hey.
It's so good to have you.
Thanks. Regin-- Oh.
Oh!
Come here. Where you going?
Hey. can we have a hug. please. huh?
Thank you. Can we say hello to Mr. Creasy?
John. this is David and Robbie.
What's wrong with him?
Nothing. What's wrong--
What kind of question is that?
Why don't you go and help Mr. Creasy
with his bags
and bring him to his room. okay?
- Come on.
- Oh.
Thank you.
"Hello. Mr. Creasy. Hello."
Boys. help with plates. please.
Come on. boys.
Help your mother with the dishes. please.
Thank you very much.
You got it? Two hands. okay?
Go ahead. Go inside.
- Come. please.
- Thanks.
Good job. Be very careful.
What? Hey. Poe!
Poe. come here.
Come here. Look who it is.
Say hello to Mr. Creasy.
Hey. Poe. Been a minute.
They really dragged you
all the way down here?
Would you get in here. please.
and sit down for dinner?
If that's your mother's jacket
around your waist.
you better take it off before she sees it.
Poe. are you hungry?
I've got dinner.
No. I… I ate at Liam's.
Liam's. We bring her to a country steeped
in culture and history.
and all she wants to do is hang out
with international school kids
whose parents have everything flown in
so they don't have to actually take part
in the world around them.
Can you please come down here
and sit with us? Please?
What?
Nothing. It's just…
I remember you making grown men cry.
among other things.
so I'm just a little…
little surprised to see you getting smoked
in your own house. that's all.
Well…
- Poe! You're back!
- Davie!
Come here.
I got something to show you!
Sure. let's go.
So. government is worried
about a terrorist attack of some sort
ahead of the election.
The incumbent. President Carmo.
has brought my firm in
to make sure that doesn't happen.
What that got to do
with us rolling up to a construction site?
Shiny new developments like this
are some of President Carmo's
signature achievements.
His opponents feel like Carmo's
been focused on luxury condos
instead of the poor.
and our intel suggests that terrorists
may target these developments.
Ah. don't worry about that.
It's nothing you haven't seen before.
We're gonna meet a guy inside
named Prado Soares.
the president's head of security.
to get the latest risk assessment.
Shit. You said nothing heavy.
You know how this works.
You and I are the reason
it doesn't get heavy.
I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
And given that
we are late in getting started.
let me just get right to it.
What is this?
What is what?
Let's talk about the background
of this elite professional.
John Creasy.
New Orleans. Louisiana.
US Army Special Forces.
Three tours in Iraq and Afghanistan.
And then. many private security contracts
with the CIA.
-That's right.
-Until four years ago.
When he led an operation in Mexico City
and managed to get his entire team killed.
I strongly feel that that
incident was never properly investigated.
At which point
he was removed from active duty
pending treatment for severe PTSD.
This is not a retirement home
for broken soldiers.
All right. well. let me be clear.
John Creasy is by far the best
in this kind of situation
that I've ever worked with.
- The best?
- Yeah. the best.
Give me your sidearm.
Are you familiar
with this weapon. Mr. Creasy?
It's a Glock. Glock 19.
Very good. That's a Glock 19.
And if I were to ask.
how quickly could you field strip
this weapon?
Uh…
I used to be able to do it
in eight seconds.
I'll give you twice that.
Come on. this should be child's play
for the best of the best.
right. Mr. Rayburn?
Go.
Hey!
That's enough.
Okay. back off.
What the fuck. Soares?
Look. Mr. Rayburn.
we are dealing with a volatile election.
and we need someone who can anticipate
and react before there is a problem.
So…
…either I am terribly wrong
about Mr. Creasy.
or I've misjudged
your seriousness from the beginning.
Sorry about that.
Guess they do job interviews different
down this part of the world.
You heard. I'm unfit.
I haven't been in the field since.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
If you couldn't do it.
you wouldn't have gotten the job.
-What?
-I told him you're rusty.
But sharpening up the best knife
I've ever used doesn't concern me.
Shouldn't concern them.
And that's it?
-He just said fine?
-Mm-hmm.
Hired a guy
who just ran his car into a fucking wall?
Yeah. that and the fact
that I told him they could hire you
or lose me.
-You shouldn't have done that.
-Come on. that's bullshit.
Pretty soon. Soares and his guys.
they're gonna be asking me
where I can find ten more of you.
You what I'm gonna tell them?
What I used to tell Uncle Sam.
What's that?
All you need is one.
Come on. John. Let's get out of here.
Is this super authentic place's menu
totally in English.
or has my Portuguese gotten so good
I can't tell the difference?
Oh my God.
what language am I speaking right now?
Am I speaking Portuguese?
Can you understand me?
- English!
- Oh…
Okay. don't laugh at her.
- She's funny. When she's funny…
- You're encouraging her.
- Not funny.
- He's laughing.
Yeah. that's your dad.
He laughs at everything.
- Should we share something?
- Yeah. maybe.
Chicken? There's no pizza. no.
Hey!
John. hold up!
John!
Hey. hey. where you going? Come on. hey.
I just can't do it anymore.
Yeah. okay. hey. listen.
I think that that is your problem. man.
I think you're letting yourself be crushed
under the weight of the worst thing
that happened to you.
but I don't think the solution is
to go off by yourself and marinate in it.
Man. some guys. you have to light a fire
under them to get them going.
but that never worked with you.
So. what's my job?
My job then is to just stack wood
in your general vicinity.
because I know sooner than later.
you're gonna light your own fire.
But it's never a straight line
from here to there. right?
So here's a car service to get you home.
And listen. John.
I'm not gonna stop stacking that wood.
And not because
I want to make you someone else.
but because I want to remind you
of who I know you still are.
See? I told you
we belonged on the same side.
What?
It's pretty obvious you're enjoying Dad's
"Trust me. it's for your own good"
playbook about as much as I am.
At least when you're upset.
it ends dinner. so…
♪ Don't ask me what you know is true ♪
♪ Don't have to tell you… ♪
What are you doing?
♪ I love your precious heart… ♪
Okay. can you stop?
Why are you singing that?
So you do remember.
Why would he even tell you about that?
He didn't have to tell me. I was there.
Four of us in a helicopter.
haven't even taken off our gear.
The second he get the okay.
he got your mom on the satellite phone.
He said he didn't even know
how you got stuck on it.
but it was the only thing
you wanted to hear
before you went to bed.
And if he had the chance
to sing that song.
no matter where he was.
he was gonna do it.
So?
So no matter how much he annoys you.
you'll never convince me
that it comes close
to how much he loves you.
Is the crew
from the other van already armed?
All set. One. two. three. four. five. six.
Who is that?
Escort. Ferraz sent him.
It's okay. you can close it.
What's going on here?
You can't be in here.
Everything's okay. man.
We received clearance
and we're about to take off anyway.
This area is prohibited.
We're going to have to talk to my…
Fuck!
Let's go! Let's take him out of here.
Come. Grab him.
Night. guys.
Have such good dreams.
Love you.
Hey. hey. hey. why don't you go to bed?
-I'll… I'll deal with that.
-Good luck.
Okay.
Can we please not do this tonight?
What? Do what?
"We're tired of your attitude."
"We do everything for you.
and we're trying to help this guy
and you something.
something. disrespect…"
"Magical country… Entitled spoiled brat."
Well. that was easy.
Look…
I have tried to get you to embrace
what all of this could be.
but maybe that's hard
if you feel like I haven't acknowledged
what could've been.
Okay. I know you had
all your friends in LA.
-Atlanta before that. and Houston…
-Yeah.
Yeah. And I know
you were gonna make varsity basketball.
And I was gonna miss it
because I have to go where the work is.
You know that.
I only get so many years with you guys.
and I brought you
because I couldn't bear
waking up every morning
and not seeing your face.
Even if it was angry.
Okay.
-Night-night.
-Yeah.
Oh. I almost forgot.
I found this today.
You were always obsessed with the idea
that pennies brought you luck.
Yeah. when I was like 9.
Yeah. that's true. but still.
I mean. if I find something
that makes me think of you.
how could it not be lucky?
Heads up.
I love you.
I…
Creasy!
- No! Please!
- Creasy!
Mr. Creasy?
Hi.
You're the car I ordered?
Valeria.
Valeria Melo.
But only my mom calls me by my first name.
Hop in.
This car nicer than my apartment.
Much nicer than mine.
Company car. What brings you to Rio?
Work.
What kind of job do you do?
Kind that got me drinking
before it even started.
Can I ask you.
why do you do this job. then?
Why do you do your job?
That's easy.
To justify my drinking.
I guess we in similar lines of work.
Still. any job that brings you to Rio
can't be that bad.
It's not about good or bad.
It's can I do it?
Sure you can.
How can you be sure?
You don't even know what it is.
Two things I've learned.
People who worry about doing things well
tend to be the ones who do.
What's the other thing?
People tip better
when you make them smile.
♪ Lookin' and feelin' my best
Best. best. best ♪
♪ Ride fast. sip slow. 40-inch weave… ♪
Hey.
♪ Muaddi got me on my tip toes ♪
♪ You dusty hoes need a lint roll ♪
♪ How I be mindin' my business
Still be the topic of your conversation?
♪ I had to fall back for a second
Embrace it ♪
♪ Ask how I'm doin'. I'm feelin' amazing ♪
♪ I don't like small talk
I like big bags ♪
♪ I keep my nails long… ♪
♪ Just got off the phone with my pops… ♪
Hey! Hey! Hey!
That's what I'm talking about!
♪ It cost me a lot
It cost me some friends ♪
♪ It cost me some M's
Like. when do it stop? ♪
♪ I sacrificed everything. takin' a chance
And look what we got ♪
♪ I'll do it again. and again. and again
I'm taking my shots. swish… ♪
♪ Best. best. best ♪
♪ Lookin' and feelin' my best
Best. best ♪
♪ But you don't deserve
My best. best. best ♪
♪ Look too good and I know it
Ain't love me at my lowest ♪
♪ So you don't deserve
My time. attention or money ♪
♪ How many fakin'
To get something from me? ♪
So am I taking you home?
I'm not going to find
what I'm looking for there.
I have a lot of experience
finding all sorts of things.
What are you looking for?
Mr. Creasy?
Mr. Creasy!
Hey!
Your wallet. Now.
Have at it. man.
You're probably doing me a favor.
Mr. Creasy?
Good evening.
Hey. He is just drunk. okay?
We don't want any trouble.
Wallet!
I'll talk to him. okay?
Mr. Creasy.
He wants your wallet. okay?
-Listen to me. he wants--
-Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Okay. hey. Okay. just be cool.
Be cool. okay?
I'm… I'm reaching for the wallet.
He'll grab his wallet. okay?
I'm reaching for the wallet!
He's grabbing the wallet.
Okay?
Creasy!
No. Creasy. no!
Come on. We should go.
How much to find somewhere
to just sit for a while?
At least until I sober up.
Yeah. I know a place.
♪ I wish you gave me a reason ♪
♪ That you were better at leavin' ♪
♪ That you got your kicks
From seeing me low ♪
♪ I always let the good ones go ♪
Shit.
♪ Don't want the kisses
Unless they're bitter… ♪
Poe. what's wrong?
My dad gets up at 4:30.
and I have 15 minutes to get home. so…
♪ I always let the good ones go ♪
Hey. my keys!
♪ Ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ I let the good ones go
Ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I let the good ones go ♪
♪ And. baby. you couldn't have
Loved me any better ♪
♪ Better. better ♪
♪ I let the good ones go-- ♪
Shit.
Assholes!
So you're telling me there's a chance.
Shit.
-Dad. I--
-Well. look at Miss Party Animal.
Think you can get over on me?
Come on.
-Here you go. sir.
-Maybe your mom.
You better take that jacket off
before she wakes up.
Maybe I can keep the grounding
down to a week.
Shit.
Where is that?
- It looks like Leblon.
- Take me there now.
What?
Now! Now!
No. move! Let me go! Come on. let me go!
BREAKING NEWS
600 CONFIRMED DEAD
We are
the witnesses of unimaginable cruelty…
The Brazilian president
was at ground zero addressing his people.
He pledged that swift action
would be taken
against any terrorist group
claiming responsibility
for the tower bombing.
and reaffirmed his commitment
to safety and security.
I am very sorry for your loss.
Mr. Rayburn was a good man.
I can only offer.
given the totality of the destruction.
it is virtually a miracle
that the girl was spared.
What are you talking about?
Mr. Rayburn's daughter.
She was found just outside
of the blast zone.
Rest assured.
we are seeing to it that she's safe.
What do you know about the attackers?
An extremist organization. the FRP.
have already claimed responsibility.
We've heard rumblings
they might be planning something to try
to hurt Carmo ahead of the election.
but there's no indication of something
this barbaric or of this scale.
We've recovered the CCTV footage
from a neighboring building.
It appears that Poe is in a position
to be the only witness
to the actual explosion.
She is understandably frightened
and has been unwilling to say anything.
Where is she?
You weren't with them.
People will want to ask you
a lot of questions.
I know.
Under no circumstances should you tell
them anything unless and until I tell you.
Do you understand?
Yeah. I understand.
Your daddy's mom. she's still alive. yeah?
Yeah.
Would she be the family member back home
you're closest to?
Yeah. I guess.
I'll make arrangements
to have you sent back home
to your grandmother in America.
Until we're guaranteed that
and we're holding your ticket in our hand.
you don't tell them anything. okay?
Okay.
Creasy?
How soon can I go home?
Anything before tomorrow is unreasonable.
Anything after that will be unacceptable.
Thank you.
You staying quiet.
that was a good instinct on your part.
It gave you leverage.
Your dad would be proud.
Mm.
My condolences for your loss. Mr. Creasy.
For all our losses.
Thank you. Mr. President.
I appreciate that.
-I'm sure the people do too.
-Yes.
So.
I'm told you were able to chat
with the girl who was a witness.
You were supposed to
make her speak.
- And you did the opposite.
- That's right.
And I guess since you were listening.
you already understand the conditions.
I want lodging provided
so she can rest and recover
until tomorrow.
When you got a flight to take her
back home to her extended family.
then she'll meet you at the US consulate.
and she'll give a detailed account
of whatever she did or did not see.
She's a witness
in a national security investigation.
Soares.
All arrangements
will be made just as you said.
And you. of course.
will accompany her to the interview
so she can be as comfortable
and as thorough as possible.
After. you and she will return to America
with the understanding
that we can still count on her cooperation
from there if further questions arise.
-Is that acceptable?
-Yes. sir.
Just one thing.
Only Poe needs travel arrangements
back to America.
You're not planning to join her?
I'm not leaving until everyone responsible
for killing Rayburn
and his family are dead.
We can discuss ways in which your skills
can be helpful to the investigation
after Poe is safely returned home. Yes?
I'll have members of my security detail
posted outside her room.
Regardless of who is outside.
I'll personally provide security inside.
And I'll also require a weapon.
Davi.
Give me your holster and weapon.
Please be careful.
You seemed to have some issues
with this model yesterday.
♪ Don't ask me ♪
♪ What you know is true ♪
♪ Don't have to tell you ♪
♪ I love your precious heart ♪
It must be tomorrow.
Understood.
Whatever resources you need
will be provided.
Do you understand?
Yes.
And what is this private security
the girl has?
One man. A family friend.
His history looks impressive.
but his best days are far behind him.
Hmm. Are you sure about that?
Trust me.
He will be of no consequence.
♪ And they could never tear us apart ♪
-♪ I… ♪
-♪ Don't ask me ♪
-♪ I was standing ♪
-♪ You know it's true ♪
-♪ Mm. you were there ♪
-♪ Worlds collided ♪
-♪ Two worlds collided ♪
-♪ We're shining through ♪
♪ And they could never tear us apart ♪
-♪ You… ♪
-♪ Don't ask me ♪
-♪ You were standing ♪
-♪ You know it's true ♪
-♪ I was there ♪
-♪ Worlds collided ♪
-♪ Two worlds collided ♪
-♪ We're shining through ♪
♪ And they could never tear us apart ♪
♪ I… I was standing ♪
♪ You were there ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm